Add committing files section (#217)
xataio/mdx-docs: 020-Getting-started/020-installation.mdx

For collaborative development in a common Workspace it is important to set up your local environment so that it can be replicated by others. Commit these specific files to your project's repository:

- `.xata`: This folder holds the migration files, managing changes to the database schema over time.
- `.xatarc`: This file contains essential configuration information for your database setup.
- `src/xata.ts`: Includes the Xata client and API integration, responsible for interacting with the Xata service from code.

Committing these files to your project's repository, enables Workspace members to replicate your local setup by adding their own `XATA_API_KEY` to their `.env` file.

To deploy your GitHub repository on hosting services like Vercel or Netlify, ensure you include the `src/client.ts` file from the Xata client in your repo. Not exposing your API key, ensures your Xata database is safe from DDoS attacks, even if the URL is visible. Remember, requests made without authentication won’t impact your Xata database's [rate limits](/docs/concepts/pricing#concurrency-limit). Exposing the `src/client.ts` file doesn't pose a risk to your database’s limits or security.

> When creating templates or examples for public use and cloning, it is best to avoid committing files that contain specific database API endpoint and client files. Configuration files such as `src/xata.ts`,`.xatarc` and the `.xata` migrations folder are tied to a specific database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating templates or examples for public use and cloning, it is best to avoid committing files that contain specific database API endpoint and client files. Configuration files such as `src/xata.ts`,`.xatarc`, and the `.xata` migrations folder are tied to a specific database.
```

```
</TabbedCode>

> ### Committing files

Reviewer: Sorry, my comments seem nit picky, but hoping to get our docs to align more with a style guide.  I think maybe using the Microsoft Style Guide as a ref going forward (because the [resources](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-style-guide/tree/main) are open source), might be helpful. 

I think starting with a gerund for the heading is helpful for users as well as using more succinct sentences. Taking from your example and Dave's, I'd suggest the following reword (just a minor suggestion to what's already there... please let me know if I am missing some of the key points):
---------------------------------------

### Committing files to your repository

For collaborative development it's important to set up your local environment so that it can be replicated by others. For a team project, commit these specific files to your project's repository:

- `.xatarrc` - contains configuration information for your database setup. 
-  `src/xata.ts` - includes code related to the Xata client and API integration. This file shares the code that interacts with the Xata service.
- `.xata` - includes the migration files. This file manages changes to the database schema over time.

Committing these files to your project's  repo, enables team members to replicate your local setup by adding their own `XATA_API_KEY` to their `.env` file.

When creating templates or examples for public use and cloning, avoid committing files that contain specific database configurations. Some configuration files may not be suitable for others and can potentially expose personal information, posing security risks.

Instead, it's recommended to include the database schema in the repository using the command `xata init --schema schema.json`. The command initializes a database, using the schema information stored in the `schema.json` file, without sharing configuration files that might contain sensitive information.

You can then provide instructions on how to recreate the database in your project's README. You can also import CSV files to preload and existing schemas. Refer to the docs on [importing CSV data] (https://chat.openai.com/docs/csv-data/import-data-cli) for more information.

Reviewer: Would be happy to also sync on this, because I am not very clear on the `xata init --schema ` part and would like to clarify.

> To push and share your application on public repositories for others to use your project with their own Xata database, we recommend commiting the schema file generated with the command `xata schema dump -f schema.json`.

Reviewer: Is this `xata schema dump -f schema.json` no longer needed?

> ### Committing files
> 
> To push and share your application on public repositories for others to use your project with their own Xata database, we recommend commiting the schema file generated with the command `xata schema dump -f schema.json`.
> Add instructions to your project's readme file for users to initiate a new database using the schema file `xata init --schema schema.json`. This command will also generate the client file `src/xata.ts` using the user's own database URL. In this case, the `.xatarc` file does not need to be committed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Which files should be committed into my repo?

When working with others in either a public or private setting it's common to want to provide a way to replicate your local environment. If working on a specific project (rather than a template) in a team it is a good idea to commit the `.xatarrc` file containing the database information, the `src/xata.ts` file containing the client, and the `.xata` directory containing the migration files. Then, your team will only need to provide the `XATA_API_KEY` in their `.env` file to spin up your service.

For public templates or examples that are meant to be cloned, you wouldn't want to commit these files because they point to your specific database. Instead, it is recommended to provide the database schema in the repository by running `xata initi --schema schema.json`, and then provide instructions to recreate the database. This is often, but not always, done alongside providing CSV files. When working with templates, check the instructions on [this page](/docs/csv-data/import-data-cli) for ways to preload schemas and data programmatically.
```

Hope this is OK, but I rewrote this one almost completely. There's really two use cases, and I thought it might be better to describe why you'd want to do this stuff. The CSV page actually goes into good detail about ways to recreate these DBs so I think we might want to just point them there.

Author: Thanks for rewritting this cleanly @snide looks nice to me. I'll also wait for @joan-ing to cast an eye on it for copy.

> To upload your github repository as-is to a hosting provider such as Vercel or Netlify, the Xata client file `src/client.ts` should be committed in your repo. As long as your API key is not exposed, you should not worry about DDOS attacks on your Xata database due to exposing the URL. Unauthenticated requests do not count against your branch [rate limits](/docs/concepts/pricing#concurrency-limit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your GitHub repository on hosting services like Vercel or Netlify, ensure you include the `src/client.ts` file from the Xata client in your repo. Keeping your API key confidential ensures your Xata database is safe from DDoS attacks, even if the URL is visible. Remember, requests made without authentication won’t impact your Xata database's [rate limits](/docs/concepts/pricing#concurrency-limit). Exposing the `src/client.ts` file doesn't pose a risk to your database’s limits or security.
```

> To upload your github repository as-is to a hosting provider such as Vercel or Netlify, the Xata client file `src/client.ts` should be committed in your repo. As long as your API key is not exposed, you should not worry about DDOS attacks on your Xata database due to exposing the URL. Unauthenticated requests do not count against your branch [rate limits](/docs/concepts/pricing#concurrency-limit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload your github repository as-is to a hosting provider such as Vercel or Netlify, the Xata client file `src/client.ts` should be committed in your repo. As long as your API key is not exposed, you should not worry about DDOS attacks on your Xata database due to exposing the URL. Unauthenticated requests do not count against your branch [rate limits](/docs/concepts/pricing#concurrency-limit).
```

> The `.env` file should not be committed as it contains the API key. We recommend adding it to .gitignore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to exclude the `.env` file from your repository commits, as it contains your API key. Add the `.env` file to your `.gitignore` to ensure it is not accidentally committed and remains secure.
```
